Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Venkat Subramanian

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Alexei Korolev

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such d
ocuments include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks and reference manuals.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through offic
e hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

Current Intro Lab TAs through visits to the Intro COS Lab.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such d
ocuments include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks and reference manuals.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through offic
e hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

Current Intro Lab TAs through visits to the Intro COS Lab.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This assignment represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.

Venkat Subramanian

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This assignment represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.

Alexei Korolev

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

I found this assignment very educational. It was very insightful to 
practice my debugging skills, and I did find it fun to be able to
accurately compute large additions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

This assignment was both informative and fun. I learned a lot about
assembly language and how it relates to C in terms of performance. It
was fun to be able to "beat" the compiler in performance.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?

We did not find any bugs in our submission and we did complete part 2f.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?

We tested boundary cases, including an empty file; 1 character; 2
newlines; 2 spaces; 1 space character, 1 alphabetical character and 1
newline; and 5 alphabetical characters.

To cover all boundary cases, we listed all 27 possibilities for line
count, word count, and character count (where for each, there is a
possibility of having none, one, or more than one). Not all these
combinations are legal (such as having 1 line with no characters or
having no words and multiple characters). After eliminating all the
impossible combinations, we were left with possible combinations, and
we generated a string to test each one of these possible combinations,
representing 11 files each with 1 string testing a possible boundary
case.

Our statement tests were " word word2\n" and "aa\t\nfinishword".

For the first statement test, the first character causes the blocks of
code at line 31 and 35 to execute. THe second character causes the
block of code at line 43 and 45 to  execute. The sixth character (a
space character) causes the block of code at line 37 to execute (since
at that point isspace(iChar) is True and iInWord is True). The 12th
character causes the block of code at line 49 of mywc.c to execute.

For the second statement test, similar blocks of code execute as in
the first statement test, except the second statement test also causes
line 53 to execute. Thus, between the two statement tests, we cause
all blocks of code within mywc.c to execute.

Our stress test generated a large file (the number of characters for
the file was MAX_STRING_LENGTH, determined to be 50,000). Additionally,
the stress test file was only allowed to have a maximum number of
newline characters of MAX_LINE_COUNT (determined to be 1,000). For each
character generated there was a 1/3 probability that the character was
a newline character (if there are no more newline characters allowed,
then no character is selected on that iteration), 1/3 probability that
the character was a space character, and 1/3 probability that the
character was alphanumeric/symbols/tabs (ASCII hex characters 0x09 or
0x21 to 0x7E (inclusive)).


------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  11.961856 seconds

Part 2b:  2.615389  seconds

Part 2d:  8.191111  seconds

Part 2e:  3.396241 seconds

Part 2f:  1.829509 seconds